Fix broken external documentation links (#23000)
pingcap/docs: ai/integrations/vector-search-integrate-with-langchain.md

> **Tip**
>

> > You can view the complete sample code in <place-holder-url>.

Author: TBD

> > You can view the [vector store integrations](https://docs.langchain.com/oss/python/integrations/vectorstores) in LangChain documentation.

Author: TBD

```suggestion
> You can view the complete sample code in <place-holder-url>.
```
